; ChivTW / Slave-faction units for spawning-events
  
rebel_type			Brigantes	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				7					
description			Brigantes

unit				saxon housecarls
unit				saxon fyrdmen
unit				spearmen
unit				archers

rebel_type			Welsh 		
category			peasant_revolt
chance				6				
description			Welsh

unit				archers
unit				welsh longbowmen
unit				spearmen

rebel_type			Anglo_Saxons	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5					
description			Anglo_Saxons

unit				saxon housecarls
unit				saxon fyrdmen
unit				archers
unit			    spearmen


rebel_type			Kentishmen	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2					
description			Kentishmen

unit				saxon housecarls
unit				saxon fyrdmen
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				crossbowmen


rebel_type			Mercians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2					
description			Mercians

unit				saxon housecarls
unit				saxon fyrdmen
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Northumbrians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2					
description			Northumbrians

unit				saxon housecarls
unit				saxon fyrdmen
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Scots	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10					
description			Scots

unit		        militia cavalry
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				gaenaght
unit				kernbannal
unit				lewnaght
unit				spearmen

rebel_type			Irish	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				8					
description			Irish

unit		        militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				gaenaght
unit				lewnaght
unit				kernbannal
unit				spearmen

rebel_type			Norsemen	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Norsemen

unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				lewnaght
unit				viking warriors
unit		        militia cavalry
unit		        gaenaght
unit		        kernbannal


rebel_type			Bretons	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1					
description			Bretons

unit				mounted sergeants
unit		        militia cavalry
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Normans	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10					
description			Normans

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				norman cavalry
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Flemish	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3					
description			Flemish

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen

rebel_type			Angevins	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5					
description			Angevins

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Champenois	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5					
description			Champenois

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Francois	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				7					
description			Francois

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Poitevins	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5					
description			Poitevins

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Burgundians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4					
description			Burgundians

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Occitans	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4					
description			Occitans

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Gascons	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2					
description			Gascons

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Provencal	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Provencal

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Dithmarscher	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				6		
description			Dithmarscher

unit				saxon knights
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				archers
unit				saxon heavy spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Saxons	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Saxons

unit				saxon knights
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				saxon heavy spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Friesen	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Friesen

unit				saxon knights
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				saxon heavy spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Walsch	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Walsch

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Frankischer	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Frankischer

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Alemans	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Alemans

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Swabians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Swabians

unit				swabian swordsmen
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Bavarians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				7		
description			Bavarians

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Slovenes	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Slovenes
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Swiss	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Swiss
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Lombardi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Lombardi

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

rebel_type			Veronese	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Veronese

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

rebel_type			Veneziani	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Veneziani

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

rebel_type			Genovesi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Genovesi

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

rebel_type			Pisani	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Pisani

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

rebel_type			Corsi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				15		
description			Corsi
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants


rebel_type			Laziali	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				15		
description			Laziali

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

rebel_type			Umbri	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Umbri

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

rebel_type			Campani	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Campani

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

rebel_type			Calabresi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Calabresi

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

rebel_type			Pugliese	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				7		
description			Pugliese

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

rebel_type			Siciliani	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				7		
description			Siciliani

unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				saracen warriors
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry

rebel_type			Musulmani	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Musulmani

unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				saracen warriors
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry



rebel_type			Galicians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Galicians

unit				algarave
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				jinetes
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				apellidos
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Asturians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Asturians

unit				algarave
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				jinetes
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				apellidos
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Basques	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Basques

unit				hueste
unit				militia cavalry
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				jinetes
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				frankish mercenaries
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				apellidos
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Catalonians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Catalonians

unit				hueste
unit				militia cavalry
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				jinetes
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				frankish mercenaries
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				apellidos
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Valencians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Valencians

unit				andalusian infantry
unit				andalusian heavy infantry
unit				murabitin infantry
unit				jinetes
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Toledans	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				12		
description			Toledans

unit				algarave
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				jinetes
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				apellidos
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Portuguese	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				12		
description			Portuguese

unit				mounted sergeants
unit				jinetes
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				spearmen
unit                portu militia cavalry
unit                portu lancers

rebel_type			Muladies	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Muladies

unit				andalusian infantry
unit				andalusian heavy infantry
unit				murabitin infantry
unit				berber cavalry
unit				jinetes
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				spearmen



rebel_type			Granadines	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				12		
description			Granadines

unit				andalusian infantry
unit				andalusian heavy infantry
unit				murabitin infantry
unit				berber camels
unit				berber cavalry
unit				jinetes
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Jyder	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Jyder
unit				viking huscarls
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				viking warriors
unit				norman axemen

rebel_type			Sjaellaendere	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10	
description			Sjaellaendere
unit				viking huscarls
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				viking warriors
unit				norman axemen

rebel_type			Skanings	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Skanings
unit				viking huscarls
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				viking warriors
unit				norman axemen

rebel_type			Smalanningar	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Smalanningar
unit				viking huscarls
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				viking warriors
unit				norman axemen

rebel_type			Gutar	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Gutar
unit				viking huscarls
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				viking warriors
unit				norman axemen

rebel_type			Svear	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				7		
description			Svear
unit				viking huscarls
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				viking warriors
unit				norman axemen

rebel_type			Nordmenn	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				9		
description			Nordmenn
unit				viking huscarls
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				viking warriors
unit				norman axemen

rebel_type			Vieleti	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Vieleti
unit				militia cavalry
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				viking warriors
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Sorbs	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Sorbs
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Pomeranians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Pomeranians
unit				militia cavalry
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Wielkopolanie	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Wielkopolanie
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Mazowszanie	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Mazowszanie
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Slazacy	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Slazacy
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Malopolanie	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Malopolanie
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Czechs	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Czechs

unit				militia cavalry
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Slovaks	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Slovaks
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Lemko	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Lemko

unit				mounted druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				rogatnyk
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				militia cavalry

rebel_type			Prusai	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				20		
description			Prusai

unit				prussian draugija
unit				lithuanian cavalry
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				russian spearmen
unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Aukstaiciai	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Aukstaiciai
unit				lithuanian cavalry
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				russian spearmen
unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				woodsmen		

rebel_type			Letgaliai	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Letgaliai
unit				lithuanian cavalry
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				russian spearmen
unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Estid	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Estid
unit				lithuanian cavalry
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				russian spearmen
unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Suomi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Suomi

unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				russian spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina

rebel_type			Pskoviane	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Pskoviane

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Novgorodtsy	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Novgorodtsy

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Polochane	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Polochane

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Smoliane	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Smoliane

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Suzdaltsy	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Suzdaltsy

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Vladimirtsy	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Vladimirtsy

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Chernygivtsi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Chernygivtsi

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Cheremisi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Cheremisi

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry


rebel_type			Volyniany	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Volyniany

unit				volhynian militia
unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Pinchany	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Pinchany

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Kyiany	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Kyiany

unit				kievan militia
unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				klobuki archers
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Galichany	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Galichany

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Pereyaslavtsi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Pereyaslavtsi

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				klobuki archers
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Sivertsi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Sivertsi

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Kumans	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Kumans
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				cuman horse archers
unit				steppe infantry

rebel_type			Goths	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Goths
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				steppe infantry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen

rebel_type			Cherventsi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Cherventsi

unit				russ archers
unit				rogatnyk
unit				mounted druzhina
unit				foot druzhina
unit				archers
unit				russian spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Magyars	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Magyars
unit				szekely
unit				light cavalry
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Pechenegs	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Pechenegs

unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				cuman horse archers
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				spearmen
unit				archers
unit				vlach tribesmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Vlachs	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Vlachs
unit				vlach tribesmen
unit				light cavalry
unit				militia cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Bulgarians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Bulgarians
unit				vlach tribesmen
unit				light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Croatians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Croatians
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				militia cavalry
unit				light cavalry
unit				archers
unit				armoured spearmen
unit				spearmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Bosnians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Bosnians
unit				light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Serbians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Serbians
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Slavonians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Slavonians
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				light cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Albanians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Albanians
unit				light cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Hellenes	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Hellenes
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Cretans	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Cretans
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Dragoviti	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Dragoviti
unit				light cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				slavic warband

rebel_type			Thynians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				8		
description			Thynians
unit				light cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Iugrians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Iugrians
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Volga_Bulgars	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Volga_Bulgars
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				steppe infantry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Mordvins	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Mordvins
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				woodsmen

rebel_type			Khazars	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Khazars
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				steppe infantry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Khwarazmians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Khwarazmians
unit				kwarazmian cavalry
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				steppe infantry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Alans	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Alans
unit				kwarazmian cavalry
unit				steppe heavy cavalry
unit				steppe light cavalry
unit				steppe infantry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				caucasian mountaineers

rebel_type			Abkhazians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Abkhazians
unit				early didebuls
unit				caucasian mountaineers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Georgians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5
description			Georgians		
unit				early didebuls
unit				caucasian mountaineers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Caucasian_Muslims	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Caucasian_Muslims
unit				caucasian mountaineers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Armenians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Armenians
unit				early didebuls
unit				caucasian mountaineers
unit				armenian infantry
unit				armenian borderers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Azeris	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Azeris
unit				caucasian mountaineers
unit				ghazi cavalry
unit				ghazi infantry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Bithynians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				7		
description			Bithynians
unit				light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Mysians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Mysians
unit				light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Pamphylians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Pamphylians
unit				light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Rodesians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Rodesians
unit				light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Turcomans	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				8		
description			Turcomans
unit				light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Paphlagonians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Paphlagonians
unit				light cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Seleukeian_Armenians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Seleukeian_Armenians
unit				early didebuls
unit				armenian infantry
unit				armenian borderers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen



rebel_type			Cyprians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Cyprians
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Kilikian_Armenians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				6		
description			Kilikian_Armenians
unit				early didebuls
unit				armenian infantry
unit				armenian borderers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen



rebel_type			Trapezuntines	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Trapezuntines
unit				light cavalry
unit				trebizond archers
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Syrians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Syrians

unit				ghazi cavalry
unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				saracen warriors
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen
unit				ghazi infantry


rebel_type			Ayyubids	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				15		
description			Ayyubids

unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				saracen warriors
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Arabs	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				10		
description			Arabs

unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				saracen warriors
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Orthodox_Christians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				7		
description			Orthodox_Christians
unit				ghazi cavalry
unit				ghazi infantry
unit				armenian borderers
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Hebrews	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				7		
description			Hebrews

unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Palestinians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Palestinians

unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen

rebel_type			Banu_Tamim	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Banu_Tamim

unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Banu_Hashim	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Banu_Hashim

unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Bedouins	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Bedouins

unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen

rebel_type			Nubians	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Nubians
unit				nubian infantry
unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen

rebel_type			Banu_Sulaym	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Banu_Sulaym
unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen

rebel_type			Sudanese	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Sudanese
unit				nubian infantry
unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen

rebel_type			Banu_Jami	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				1		
description			Banu_Jami
unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Maltese	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Maltese
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				saracen warriors
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Banu_Hilal	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Banu_Hilal
unit				bedouin camels
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				archers
unit				saracen archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				spearmen
unit				berber camels
unit				berber cavalry

rebel_type			Berbers	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Berbers
unit				berber camels
unit				berber cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				arab infantry
unit				seljuk horse archers

rebel_type			Kutama	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Kutama
unit				berber camels
unit				berber cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				arab infantry
unit				seljuk horse archers

rebel_type			Beni_Helal	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Beni_Helal
unit				berber camels
unit				berber cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				arab infantry
unit				seljuk horse archers

rebel_type			Beni_Hassans	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Beni_Hassans
unit				berber camels
unit				berber cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				arab infantry

rebel_type			Tajakant	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				2		
description			Tajakant
unit				berber camels
unit				berber cavalry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				arab infantry

rebel_type			Imazighen	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				4		
description			Imazighen
unit				berber camels
unit				berber cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Banu_Ghaniya	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3		
description			Banu_Ghaniya
unit				berber camels
unit				berber cavalry
unit				seljuk horse archers
unit				arab infantry
unit				archers
unit				spearmen


rebel_type			Sardi	
category			peasant_revolt
chance				5		
description			Sardi
unit				sardinian mercenaries
unit				mounted sergeants
unit				feudal foot knights
unit				crossbowmen
unit				archers
unit				feudal sergeants
unit				italian city militia
unit				ribaldi
unit                italian knights

					
;;;;;;;;;;;;		;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;				
;non region			based
;;;;;;;;;;;;		;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
					
rebel_type			brigands
category			brigands
chance				10
description			brigands
unit				spearmen
unit				archers
	
					
rebel_type			pirates
category			pirates
chance				55
description			pirates
unit				naval pirate ships